#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt '.\requirements.in'
#
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via dash
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.4
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.11.1
    # via -r .\requirements.in
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
flask==2.2.5
    # via dash
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
hide-code==0.7.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.24.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.7
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.3.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.6.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via hide-code
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via -r .\requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via
    #   hide-code
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.25.1
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.0.3
    # via -r .\requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pdfkit==1.0.0
    # via hide-code
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.8.1
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r .\requirements.in
    #   dash
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.29.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via dash
retrying==1.3.4
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.8.10
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via -r .\requirements.in
scipy==1.11.1
    # via scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via dash
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
